Hello friends, my name is Vinay and you are
watching Ban Tech, so today I am going to
tell you how to fill the death claim
form of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance. How can you fill the death claim form of
ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance? I am going to tell you in full detail,
so let's start.
You can see here is the
death claim form of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance.
You have to fill this form
if you want to do death settlement.
Okay, you can fill this form easily.
I will show you how to fill this form. So let's
start filling the form. So here you
can see the ICICI Prudential Claim Care
customer helpline number. If you have
any queries, you can ask here.
Okay, Claimant Settlement Form,
Death Claims and Documents to be Submitted.
Here you can see the mandatory
documents: Original Policy Certificate,
Copy of Death Certificate, then Claimant Current
Address Proof, then Claimant Photo Identity
Proof, okay? Aadhar Card, PAN Card, Voter
ID.  Driving license, whatever it is, you
can give it, cancelled cheque and copy of bank
passbook, okay, then additional document for
some cases, natural and death due to
illness, here you can see,
in this case, copy of medico legal cause of death,
medical record, you will have to give all this,
admission notes, discharge and death
summary, test report, extra accidental
death, copy of FIR, panchnama, inquiry
report, postmortem report and driving
license, okay, you will have to submit all these
documents and then here
in the policy details, you have to enter the eight digit
policy number, okay, and
you can get this policy number by
the help of online and SMS or
you can get it through email, okay, then the claimant
details, current destination address should be matched
with the address proof provided, okay,
whatever you are giving, Aadhar card, PAN
card, okay, then in that, your address
proof should match with the current residential
address, so here the details of the claimant,
whoever is making the claim, the first is the name
Then whatever is the relationship with the life assured,
you have to write it here, then your date of
birth, then your address, then address,
then pin code, mobile number, then
email ID, you have to write all this,
then details of disease, life assured in whose name
this life insurance was, his details will be there, then
his father's name, then his date of birth, then
date of death, on which day did he die, okay,
in DDMM YY format, place of
death, hospital, residence, office, others, whatever is there,
you have to write it here, then age at
death, at what age did he die,
then cause of death, natural and nature of
illness, and habit, whatever is there, you have to
tick here, okay, then date of
diagnosis of illness, whatever was diagnosed,
you have to write here any
hospitalization and illness in the last five
years, answer yes or no, and if there was
any illness in the last five years, then
their details will be there, okay, then name
and telephone number of the doctor who
declared it, here the doctor's details will be there
and telephone number, then name  And
address of police station where FR was lost,
if there is any accidental or suicide case, only then
you people have to go and file FIR or any other or if there is any such
problem, only then
you people have to submit FR copy,
okay, then treatment and
diagnosis of illness, what was the nature of illness,
then date of diagnosis, when was the diagnosis done,
date of admission, date of discharge,
then name of treating doctor and hospital,
in which hospital was the patient admitted and which
doctor was treating him, then you have to
write the address, then telephone number with STD code,
all this you have to write, then employment
details, last employer and business name, whatever it is,
you have to write it here, okay, if there is
employment, then it is okay, then you have to
write the destination, last working date address
and telephone number with STD code, if there is, then you
can give it, okay, then particulars of
other life insurance and mediclaim policy
held by the life insurer, if you have
held any other mediclaim or life insurance
or  Then the details of the purchased or the purchase will
also be there, name of the
company and TPA, then policy number and then the sum
as, whichever company you bought from
other than ICAC Prudential, its details will be there,
okay, are you a politically exposed person and
claimant, answer yes or no, okay
and you can see the claim contact point here, the
complete details are given here,
you can also check directly
or if you have any queries, okay,
then the electronic payment option, here you have to
write the name of the account holder, then the mobile
number, then the bank name, then the branch name and
address, then you have to write the account number of the bank
who is making the claim,
okay, keep this in mind, who is making the claim,
and then you can see the MCR code number here,
and then here you can see the
MICR code number, branch
address and IFSC code in the cheque, okay,
and the IFSC code is
also available on the front page of your bank passbook, okay,
you can write it from there, and
then here you can see the signature or thumb of the claimant
Whatever is the impression, you have to
write it here and
then you have to write the place and date,
if you have an IIC bank account then it will be the bank
account number, okay, if not then you
can skip it and then you have to write the policy number here,
whatever is the policy number,
okay, then here you have to write your name
and then the relationship and then the name of the person in whose
name the life insurance was or the one who died will be there
and then the signature and
thumb impression of the claimant, you have to
sign here, okay, and then you have to
give the address as well and then the mobile number
and then you have to write the date here, then
you will also need a witness, whatever is the relationship
with the claimant, whatever it is, here
you have to write the relationship, mobile number and
date, okay and then this
part is for office use, you
can skip it, you do
not need anything in it and
you do not have to fill in the acknowledgement slip, you can skip this also, in
this way you can do
IIC  You
can easily fill the Prudential Life Insurance Death Claim Form, so
if this video is for you then please
like, share, comment and subscribe to my
channel, thank you.